Add Oracle RAC setup (#18473)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_oracle/_index.md

{{< /site-region >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">
The features described on this page are in private beta.
</div>

# Supported Oracle versions, features and architectures

- Versions: 19c and 21c
- Deployment configurations: self-managed, RDS, RAC, Exadata
- Architecture: multi-tenant

The following deployment configurations, components, and features are not supported: Oracle Autonomous Database, ASM, and Data Guard.

The Oracle versions below 19c are not supported.

# Supported Agent versions

The following custom build is supported: `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`

# Prerequisites

> 1. In Datadog, install the Oracle integration for your organization.

Reviewer: We should provide clearer instructions to customers for how to perform this action. For instance,

```suggestion
1. **Install the Oracle integration.** Install the Oracle integration in your organization by opening the [Oracle integration](https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/oracle) in the Datadog App and clicking "Install." This will install an Oracle dashboard in your account which can be used to monitor the performance of your Oracle databases.
```

> 2. The new Oracle DBM check is configured in the configuration directory `oracle-dbm.d`. The legacy Oracle check, which is configured in the conifguration directory `oracle.d`, has to be deactivated for the databases configured in `oracle-dbm.d`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Upgrade the Oracle integration in your Agent.** You may skip this step if this is your first time installing the Oracle integration. Migrate the Oracle configuration from the the legacy `conf.d/oracle.d/` directory to the new integration path located in the `conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/` directory.

Use the following command to migrate the Oracle integration from the legacy integration to the new one:

```bash
mv /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml
```

You can then [restart the Agent](/agent/guide/agent-commands/#restart-the-agent) for the new integration to take effect.

{{< /site-region >}}

<div class="alert alert-info">
The features described on this page are in private beta.
</div>

> # Supported Oracle versions, features and architectures

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported Oracle versions, features, and architectures
```

> - Versions: 19c and 21c
> - Deployment configurations: self-managed, RDS, RAC, Exadata
> - Architecture: multi-tenant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Versions**: 19c and 21c
- **Deployment configurations**: self-managed, RDS, RAC, Exadata
- **Architecture**: multi-tenant
```

The following deployment configurations, components, and features are not supported: Oracle Autonomous Database, ASM, and Data Guard.

> The Oracle versions below 19c are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> # Supported Agent versions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Supported Agent versions
```

> The following custom build is supported: `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following custom build is supported: `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`.
```

> # Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```

> 1. **Install the Oracle integration.** Install the Oracle integration in your organization by opening the [Oracle integration](https://app.datadoghq.com/integrations/oracle) in the Datadog App and clicking "Install." This will install an Oracle dashboard in your account which can be used to monitor the performance of your Oracle databases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. **Install the Oracle integration**: In Datadog, install the [Oracle integration][1] for your organization. This will install an Oracle dashboard in your account which can be used to monitor the performance of your Oracle databases.
```

> 2. **Upgrade the Oracle integration in your Agent.** You may skip this step if this is your first time installing the Oracle integration. Migrate the Oracle configuration from the the legacy `conf.d/oracle.d/` directory to the new integration path located in the `conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/` directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Upgrade the Oracle integration in your Agent**: You can skip this step if this is your first time installing the Oracle integration. If you've previously installed the Oracle integration, migrate the legacy configuration from the `conf.d/oracle.d/` directory to the new integration path located in the `conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/` directory.
```

Use the following command to migrate the Oracle integration from the legacy integration to the new one:

```bash
mv /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml
```

> # Setup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Setup
```

The features described on this page are in private beta. Contact your Customer Success Manager for information on the required Agent build and installation instructions.
</div>

Supported:

> - versions: 19c and 21c
> - deployment configurations: self-managed, RDS, RAC, Exadata
> - architecture: multi-tenant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Versions: 19c and 21c
- Deployment configurations: self-managed, RDS, RAC, Exadata
- Architecture: multi-tenant
```

> Not supported deployment configurations, components and features: Oracle Autonomous Databae, ASM, Data Guard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following deployment configurations, components, and features are not supported: Oracle Autonomous Database, ASM, and Data Guard.
```

> Not supported deployment configurations, components and features: Oracle Autonomous Databae, ASM, Data Guard.

Reviewer 3: Databae --> Database (typo)

Do we want to specify that we don't support legacy versions here?

Author: Added now

# Prerequisites

> 1. Install Oracle integration in your org in-app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In Datadog, install the Oracle integration for your organization.
```

> 2. Disable checks in `oracle.d`

Reviewer: These are unclear, I don't think customers will have any idea what these mean.

Reviewer 3: ^ agreed

> 2. Disable checks in `oracle.d`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Disable checks in `oracle.d`.
```
